♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
- Seaweed!
- Coral!
[all laughing]
Aww. Seaweed!
Coral!
Whoo!
[laughing]
Aww.
Uh, seaweed!
Coral!
[both laughing]
Ah. Seaweed!
[all] Coral!
[laughing]
Come find us!
I know you guys are here
somewhere!
Kelp blade!
[school] Shell.
Ooh, kelp blade!
[laughs] Gotcha this time.
Kelp blade!
[school] Shell.
Ooh, ah.
Seaweed!
[all] Coral!
[laughing]
Seaweed!
[all] Coral!
- [Jerome] Kelp blade!
- Huh?
Did one of you guys say
"kelp blade"?
- Nope. I said "coral."
- Yeah, me too.
There is no kelp blade
in seaweed-coral.
Yeah, that's strange.
[chuckles]
The only fish I know who play
"kelp blade and shell"
- are Jerome...
- And his school, right?
- Yeah, mm-hmm.
- But how would we hear 'em here
in our clubhouse?
- Yeah.
Because Jerome and his school
are here!
Uh, Jerome!
[chuckles]
And his school.
Uh, yeah, what a surprise
to see you here. [chuckles]
A wonderful surprise, I hope.
Uh, of course.
Wonderful.
And surprising.
[chuckles] I mean, we've
been here so many times before,
and, uh, well,
we've never seen you.
- And the same with us.
- [chuckles]
Well, uh,
welcome to our clubhouse.
Yes, welcome to our clubhouse.
Yeah.
Wait, your clubhouse?
Uh... hmm.
- "Hmm," indeed.
- Yeah!
[both chuckling]
Well, uh, it's fine if you
want to play here, of course.
- Uh, for the day, that is.
- Oh.
And, uh, you too.
Of course.
For the day.
That is.
Fine.
Yes, fine.
Okay, uh, we'll play over here.
- Yeah.
- The other side.
- Yeah, we'll be over there.
- So I'll go to this side.
- Here we go.
- You stay over to that side.
And we'll just stay over here.
Um, I'll just back out,
and we'll be having fun.
Yes.
Enjoy your side.
Seaweed!
- Coral!
- [laughs]
- Kelp blade!
- Ooh.
[all] Shell.
Aha! Gotcha!
Oh, sorry.
I thought you guys were Dunk.
- [school] No.
- Huh.
- [Dunk] Coral!
- Huh?
I just tagged Bubbles
by mistake.
Uh, yeah,
maybe we shouldn't play
so close together.
My thoughts exactly.
Let's discuss.
So it, uh-- it definitely
feels crowded in here.
- Definitely.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Well, I, uh--
I have a suggestion.
[chuckles] Uh, maybe you guys
can find your own clubhouse.
- Superb thought.
- Oh.
- And so we did.
You're in it.
Right now.
Right now? Oh.
- You mean this one.
- Yeah.
Uh, well, uh, Jerome, it--
it can't be both
of our clubhouses, can it?
Right again!
Wow, it's very good of you
to let us have it.
Yeah. Wait, what?
Let you have it?
Wait, I-I didn't say anything
about having--
Hey, hey, hey, Splash?
Um, can we talk to you?
- [school] Jerome.
- Huh?
[school]
Can we talk to you?
[sighs]
Um, Splash,
you know,
we all like playing here,
but, well, it's really not
"our" clubhouse, now, is it?
What? Of course it is.
We-- we play in it all the time.
- Yes, but so do they.
- Yeah.
They like this clubhouse
as much as we do.
- Then there's only one answer.
- Yeah!
- They need to leave.
- We need to share.
- Whoa! Are you sure?
- Huh?
That-- that doesn't sound
like you, Splash.
When do you ever tell friends
they can't play?
Well, I don't think
I ever have.
Well, right.
Well, there's a first time
for everything.
I just feel different
about this clubhouse.
I-- I don't want to share.
But what if they
don't want to leave?
Well, then we won't leave,
either.
[gasps]
Nope.
We can't share this clubhouse.
They need to leave.
[school] But what if
they won't leave?
Then we won't leave either!
[sighs]
Well, if we can't share,
we'll have to divide
the clubhouse.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
Now this is a fair solution.
You all stay on your side
of the line,
and we stay on ours.
- No problem.
- Yeah, no problem.
[laughs] Yeah.
Uh, okay, problem!
The line is moving.
I'm okay with that!
Uh, let's try something else.
Um, what if we each pretend
the other one isn't here?
[gasps]
Fine by me.
What?
Who said that?
Ah, it's working already.
Boy, oh, boy,
it's almost like I'm all alone.
- ♪ La la la la la la ♪
- I hear another voice,
but that can't be possible,
'cause I'm all alone.
Yeah, me too.
I'm all alone also.
This is amazing! [laughs]
Uh, excuse me,
I need to get by, please.
Who said that?
[scoffs] Me.
I need to get by.
I hear a voice,
but there's no one there.
I am ignoring the someone.
[groans]
Let me by, please, Jerome.
This could go on all day.
[Bubbles] Sheesh.
Seems like it already has.
Splash just isn't acting
like himself.
That's for sure.
We see the problem,
but we don't know
how to fix it.
Well, I think we have to try.
[gasps]
I know just who to talk to.
I'll be right back.
[laughs]
- Flo!
- Huh?
- Just the one I'm looking for.
- What?
[laughing]
Well, always nice to hear.
I was just coming to visit
my Reeftown friends.
Oh, I heard you were
in the clubhouse today.
That Maury sure likes to talk.
[laughs]
Well, I'm glad you're here.
Splash and Jerome
both want the clubhouse,
- and they won't share.
- Won't share, eh?
Sounds like they're acting,
um, territorial.
What's "territorial"?
Well, it's when someone wants
something all to themselves,
and they don't want to share.
Yes!
That's exactly it.
Now let's go teach Splash
and Jerome
that we all live
in one big ocean,
and we all need to share.
Yeah! [laughs]
♪ I think it's terrific ♪
♪ To know
the Atlantic and Pacific ♪
♪ The names of the Indian
and the Arctic ♪
♪ And the Southern, too ♪
♪ But I'm here to say
I see them another way ♪
♪ I just see One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It's all connected ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It needs to be respected ♪
♪ And I wanna tell you
we've got to protect it ♪
♪ Our one big ocean ♪
♪ Gotta do our best with this
world we are sharing ♪
♪ And it's good to know
that so many are caring ♪
♪ 'Cause what
they're doin' up there ♪
- [chorus] ♪ Doin' up there ♪
- ♪ Matters right here ♪
♪ In our One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It's all connected ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It needs to be respected ♪
♪ And I wanna tell you
we've got to protect it ♪
♪ Keep it growing and giving ♪
♪ Colorful and living ♪
♪ One Big Ocea-a-n ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
I love this place.
Stop that.
[both grunt]
Congratulations,
Splash and Jerome.
- Huh? What--
- [laughs]
- For--for what?
- For following your instincts.
You see, it's not your fault
you can't share.
- It's instinct.
- Instinct?
[sniffs]
I don't smell anything.
Following your instinct
is when each of you feel
you can't share
the clubhouse.
Instinct tells you
to protect your own territory.
And that's good?
Well, instincts
can be a wonderful thing
when they keep you
out of danger,
or they help you
protect yourself
or your friends
or your family.
Yeah, I-- I guess.
But when it tells you
to be territorial
and keep your friend
away from your clubhouse?
Hmm, well, you might want to
give instinct another think.
But what should we do now?
We can't share this clubhouse.
Well, if you can't share...
Yes?
Then you shouldn't try.
What?
We shouldn't?
- [Flo laughs]
- Wow, you're just--
you're full of surprises
today, Flo.
Uh, yeah,
I thought we were teaching them
all about sharing?
Well, some lessons
have to be learned the hard way.
Ah.
I don't get it.
[whispering]
You will.
You two just
guard each other.
The rest of you, go play.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
- Whee!
- Have fun, kids!
But-- but, Flo, how will
they learn to play together
if they're not sharing?
Oh, instinct will
take care of that.
These two have one instinct
more powerful
than being territorial.
[laughter and playful shouting
in distance]
[clears throat]
Sure does, uh,
sound like they're having fun
over there, huh?
Yeah.
But, uh, well,
this is more important.
- Right.
- Yeah.
Way more important than, uh--
than, uh, what they're, uh...
[gasps]
They're playing
follow-the-leader now.
- My favorite!
- Mine too!
[laughs] I love that ga--
- Oh.
- [stammers]
You know what, Jerome?
I think I just realized
what Flo was trying to teach us.
What's that?
Well, we have one instinct
that's more powerful
than guarding the clubhouse.
Really?
What is it?
Having fun with our friends.
[chuckles]
Oh.
You know what, Splash?
- Huh?
- You're right!
- [both laugh]
- Well, you know what, Jerome?
- You're "it"!
- [both laugh]
- You're the leader!
- Thanks!
- Yeah, wait for me!
- Okay, folks, follow me!
Jerome is the leader!
Whoo-hoo!
[all cheering and laughing]
Whoo-ha!
[laughs]
Whoa!
- Whoa!
- Yeah!
- Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
- Wow, Bubbles!
- That was amazing!
- Impressive finwork, Bubbles.
I call it my
Triple Tang Boomerang.
- [laughs]
- Ooh, Triple Tang Boomerang.
Ha!
That's fun to say.
[all] Triple Tang Boomerang.
Triple Tang Boomerang.
[laughter]
Thank you so much.
It is also very fun to do.
But what should we do next?
Wanna play a game?
No way!
Let's do more sliding.
You guys haven't seen
my Daredevil Dunk Dive.
Yeah, these coral slides
are so much fun.
Well,
everything is fun
when you're hanging
with your friends.
You said it, Splash.
Yeah, I did.
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
♪ Hanging with friends
on the continental shelf ♪
♪ Shake a fin, swim on in,
and tell us about yourself ♪
I'm Splash, a fusilier.
You know I'm mobile.
♪ I really love to explore ♪
I'm going global.
Bubbles, that's me!
I'm a mandarin dragonet.
Do I like stuff
that's gross and gooey?
You bet!
♪ Hanging with friends
from near and far ♪
♪ Time to shine,
friend of mine ♪
♪ Tell us who you are ♪
I'm the artist known as Dunk.
That's one talent I got.
♪ I'm a pufferfish
and I know a lot about a lot ♪
Ripple, I'm a seahorse.
♪ I work well with others ♪
♪ That's 'cause
I have 499 brothers ♪
♪ Hanging with friends,
we love to explore ♪
we're always looking for more ♪
♪ When we get together,
the fun never ends ♪
♪ 'Cause nothing is better ♪
♪ Than hanging with friends ♪
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
Here comes the famous
- Daredevil Dunk Dive!
- [laughs]
You may want to back up
a little.
- [clears throat]
- Ohh, yes, sir.
[inhales deeply]
Whoo!
I'm doing it! I'm doing it!
Yeah!
Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Aah!
[laughs]
Ta-da!
Two and a half turns.
Perfect landing.
Uh...
- What's wrong?
- Well...
it seemed like you were
under by one half turn.
- Yeah.
- No way!
That was definitely
two full turns and a half.
- Uh...
- Are you sure?
Sure I'm sure!
I was there.
It was two and a half!
He's right!
Can I go now, please?
Well, there was that
one time I flipped backwards.
No, we don't recall that either.
We usually recall--
I hope you guys
are ready for
the Splash-tastic Somersault!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoa!
Look out below!
Whoo!
Aah!
[laughs] That was fun.
Yeah, oh-- uh... Ripple?
- Is that you?
- [tones chiming softly]
Uh, okay, Bubbles,
I wasn't ready
for hide and seek.
- Wha-- huh?
- [tones continue]
What is that?
Wha-- who is that?
To settle this
once and for all,
- we should do it again.
- Ah!
I was just about
to suggest that, Dunk.
Heya, Splash,
where were you?
You missed Dunk's
big slide.
Okay, not funny, guys,
who is there?!
- And who are you talking to?
- Huh?
Oh, well, I thought I heard
you guys, but--
wait,
you were over there?
Yep, and you seriously
just missed
the best Daredevil
Dunk Dive ever.
So, who was I talking to?
Well, there was some sort of
mysterious creature back there.
- I-I'm sure of it.
- So, um, what did this
"mysterious creature"
sound like?
It sounded almost...
musical.
Huh?
You heard it making music?
Kind of.
I-it's kind of hard to explain.
but I definitely
heard something.
- And you didn't see them?
- Well, that's just it!
I didn't see anyone else
in Dorsal Park.
So-- whoa.
Maybe they're somewhere else
on the reef now.
Ooh, this sounds like
a big mystery.
We're gonna have to go
all over Reeftown
to see if we can find out
who was making those sounds.
- Yeah!
- Let's do it!
You heard strange sounds,
huh?
Can you tell us
what it sounded like?
Yeah, we were wondering
if it sounded like
when you snap your claws,
Snap.
Ah, I see.
Well, the only way I do that
is when Scout says
the special word.
Uh, what does that mean?
He only snaps his claws
when I say "now."
Now?
There it is!
- [thunderous clap]
- [all] Whoa!
Was that the sound, Splash?
Uh, definitely not.
I'd remember
if it was like that.
After hearing that,
I'm dizzy now.
- Now? Who said now?!
- [thunderous clap]
[all] Whoa!
Um, right, well, uh,
thanks, guys!
You're welcome.
I wish we could've been
more helpful. Bye now.
- [thunderous clap]
- [all] Whoa!
It could've been me.
I make a lot of cleaning sounds.
Like this.
[slurping]
Mmm. Just slurped up
a yummy parasite.
- Nice!
- [mumbling]
Right, or it could've been
Maury.
He does have
a golden voice.
[mumbling]
Don't be so modest, Maury.
You are a fabulous singer.
[mumbles, sings note]
Oh! Was that
the sound, Splash?
Uh... no.
Thanks, guys.
- Thanks.
- Bye.
Thank you.
I don't know
if we'll ever find out
- who the noisemaker was.
- Don't worry, Splash.
We'll figure out
who's making those sounds.
Maybe we should go back to
where you first heard the sound.
I bet we'll find somebody
to help.
What a great idea, Dunk!
Come on, everyone!
- To Dorsal Park!
- [all cheer]
Let's take this
from the beginning, shall we?
So, Splash, you heard
the musical mystery sounds
here near the slides,
yes?
Right, well,
first I was trying not
to hit you guys at the bottom,
and then I landed
in the coral, like this...
- Look out below!
- [laughter]
Then when I was getting up,
I heard--
[gasps]
I heard something like music!
[gentle tones]
I know that sound!
It's the coral!
Wha-- that's the coral?
Oh, well, it's beautiful
and amazing.
It sure is.
Even better,
it's all over the reef.
- [gasps]
- Come on, we'll show you.
- Okay.
- Yeah! Okay!
Right here.
Brush up against this.
Uh, okay.
[laughs]
- Now, let's see. Uh...
- [low tooting]
[gasps]
I hear it!
Wow!
It's a singing rock!
[laughs]
Splash, that's not a rock.
- What?
- Yeah, that's a sea sponge.
It's an animal
like you and me.
- What?
- Yeah, everything on the reef
here is alive
and can make sounds
when you brush up against it.
And some things
make really loud sounds
and some things
make really quiet ones.
But if you listen real close,
you can hear the whole reef.
- [gentle groovy music]
- Wow. Hey, yeah!
Well, let's go try out
some more things!
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Ah, so you're telling me
that this coral
is a living animal just like--
like you and me?
- Yup.
- Wow! Let's see.
[upbeat plucky notes]
[gasps]
Amazing!
Well, how about this one?
[grunts]
- [tones chime softly]
- Whoa!
- Yep!
- Well, what about this one?
No, that's just a rock.
Wow.
I can't believe
I never heard the sound
of the coral until now.
Maybe you just needed
to come somewhere quieter
to hear the sounds.
Or maybe you just didn't know
how to listen to it until now.
Yeah, well,
whatever the reason,
I'm sure glad I know
how to listen now.
Oh! Hey, um...
Hello. Are you what
I was talking to earlier?
- [voices squeak]
- Ooh, sorry.
Are you who
I was talking to earlier?
- [voices giggle]
- [laughs]
Wow, you guys!
I can hear all the coral!
I hear them all around!
[laughs]
Splash, there's more.
Just look closely,
and you'll see them.
Wow.
[Dunk]
Each piece of coral you see
is actually made up of
a lot of different coral polyps.
Sometimes there are hundreds
or even thousands of polyps
on one piece of coral.
And to think,
all this time I thought
these coral were just
rocks and plants.
But I'd never heard any rocks
make music like that.
[upbeat groovy tones]
Well, if you like that,
you haven't heard anything yet.
Really?
What do you mean?
The coral aren't the only
creatures in Reeftown
with music in them.
It's in all of us.
Now that you know
how to listen for it,
soon you'll discover there's
music and rhythm all around us.
I think it's about time
to show you
how we put all that beautiful
rhythm together.
What do you say?
I say, let's do it!
[all cheer]
- [upbeat music]
- Here we go!
♪ Reeftown is a music town ♪
♪ Jam-packed
with every happy sound ♪
♪ We're all so different
and play different parts ♪
♪ It all comes together
when the music starts ♪
- ♪ That's the ♪
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
♪ We got the spirit ♪
[all]
♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
♪ And you can hear it
in the sweet jingle jangle ♪
♪ Of the coral triangle,
that's the ♪
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
- Ooh!
- It's a funky reef.
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
Dig this motif.
Oh, move over, everybody.
This is what I like to call
the shrimp shuffle.
[all]
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- Oh, dancing is the best.
- Whoo!
- Sing it, girls.
- ♪ We're harmonizing ♪
♪ The reef is rising ♪
♪ We make music
when we get the chance ♪
♪ We all have
our own way to dance ♪
- ♪ To the ♪
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
- ♪ Best music ever ♪
♪ 'Cause were
making it together ♪
[all]
♪ We all play a part ♪
♪ In the rhythm
of the re-e-ef ♪
- Yeah!
- [laughter and chatter]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪